[music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Siobhan panting]
Please.
No.
[cracks]
[gasps]
[panting]
[laughing]
[screams]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
3x07 - "You Can't Hide From the Dead"
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
[crowd cheering]
Go. Charlie! Hit him!
Girl: Kick his ass. man!
- Watch your back!
- I can't watch this.
- Yeah!
- Deva. I'm gonna go home.
Deva.
Beaty. do whatever the
hell you want. I'm staying.
Fine. I'm out of here.
- Girl #2: Do it!
- Boy: Hey. that's my boy right there!
Fuck this shit! Let's get real.
Charlie: Round two!
[electricity crackling]
[cheering]
Boy: Oh! Light him up!
Girl #2: Yeah!
[cheering]
Boy #2: Oh-ho! That's it!
Boy #3: Yeah! Again!
[grunting]
What the fuck are you doing here?
I know a CI that can help find Chayton.
A former Redbone.
Price tag's gonna be steep.
Whatever it costs. I'll get the money.
Call your informant.
Hood.
Should have pulled the trigger
when I had a chance.
It's hard to shake all
that history in one moment.
Trust me. I know.
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Sto...
[beeps]
Motherfuck!
Wouldn't it be easier to just
use a recording of Stowe's voice?
No. it would not.
Stowe's voice recognition system
can identify most digital forgeries.
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Stowe.
[beeps]
But not mine.
- All right. Then we good to go.
- We ain't even close.
That base looks the same as it did
the last three times you checked it.
- No. something ain't right.
- That would be your nerves.
- Please. I do not do nerves.
- Do you want to know what I think?
You do know my answer to that
question never changes. right?
There's only one way to
lay those doubts to rest.
And it ain't sitting around
here driving yourself crazy.
That's all.
What?
[muffled gasp]
Scream and I'll kill you.
- Is there anyone else in the house?
- Mm-mmm.
Let's go.
Oh...
[breathing heavily]
Bishop: I will lift up
mine eyes unto the hills
from whence cometh my help.
My help cometh from the Lord
which made heaven and earth.
He will not suffer thy foot to be moved.
He will keepeth thee
and will not slumber.
Behold. He that keepeth Israel
shall neither slumber nor sleep.
[music]
Brothers. if anyone is
caught in any transgression.
you who are spiritual should restore him
in a spirit of gentleness.
Welcome. Kai.
Bishop: Keep watch on yourself
lest you. too. be tempted.
If anyone thinks they are
something when they are not.
they deceive themselves.
Each one should test their own actions.
Then they can take
pride in themselves alone
without comparing
themselves to someone else.
For each should carry their own load.
Look. the man is 6'4" and
covered in tribal tats.
I can't believe no one has seen him.
No. I... I understand.
Okay. but. look. if you hear anything.
you know where to find me.
Thank you.
- Any calls?
- No. sir. Slow day.
[ringing]
Hi. you've reached Emily Lotus.
Please leave a message.
[beeps]
Uh. hi. It's me.
Again.
Haven't heard from you. so...
Look. I know I'm not your most
favorite person right now. but...
you know. I was just thinking
about us and I... Thanks!
Uh. yeah. please return my call
at your earliest convenience.
Our friend from Philadelphia
tells me you're a little confused
about the offer he
delivered from Mr. Frazier.
They were buying from our
competition and you want to reward
- that with a discount?
- I already agreed to Frazier's terms.
Stop all sales to
the Salvadorans immediately.
Is that understood?
_
Is that understood. Rebecca?
Does your uncle know you're here?
That's not your concern.
Everything is my concern.
So tell me. why am I
having a conversation
with the niece
of the man who cut me off?
I'm here to correct that
temporary error in judgment.
What makes you think
I'd ever buy from you?
Because you'd be a fool not to.
Word on the street is that Frazier
is trying to put you out of business.
You've lost control of your
street corners. your raves.
In a couple of weeks.
you'll be shut down completely.
I can get you back in the game.
Can you?
We'll start slow.
Two kilos per week at 7.000 per.
4.000 per key.
6.000. Or maybe you can convince
Frazier to throw you a bone.
You guys go way back. don't you?
[sighs]
[tapping]
I like you. chica.
I really do.
But if you fuck me.
your uncle will be scooping
you up in tiny little pieces.
I look forward to a long and
fruitful relationship. Mr. Morales.
Hector.
[music]
[exhales]
[music stops]
[sighs]
Just so you know. I have been
monitoring the FBI's progress.
Chayton is still off the grid.
Sheriff Hood. however. is not.
Captain Ferillo has
filed a formal complaint.
Have you been watching Camp Genoa?
- Did you hear what I just said?
- I did. Fuck Ferillo.
Is there anything I should worry about?
With all due respect. we
should all be a little worried.
I want to delay the job.
That base will be shut
down by the end of the week.
It's now or never. Job.
Well. then I guess it's never.
What?
Baby. I have seen every
side of you there is.
Reckless. dumb. and especially stubborn.
But I ain't never seen this.
You in the deep end.
If you don't keep your head above water.
you going to drag the rest
- of us down there with you.
- We're doing the fucking job.
- We're doing it tonight.
- Well. good luck with that.
Job.
You asked me what I needed.
Right now. this is it.
Fine.
I'll go get cleaned up.
Might as well look pretty
for my mug shot.
Hold.
Okay.
- You're not afraid of me?
- No.
You should be.
[scoffs]
I buried a husband and a child.
There are days I don't think I have
anything left to live for anyway.
[rattling]
- Whew!
- Well. she ain't gonna win no beauty contests.
Thank you.
So how is he?
[chuckles] Same as ever.
Well. don't worry. we can count on him.
Has the waitress checked in?
Carrie hasn't checked in yet.
but she will.
She best be on her game.
You'd think we were knocking
over a motherfucking 7-Eleven
the way these two are acting.
You know what. Job?
You worry too much.
Well. somebody's got to.
Let's see what we got.
[clank]
Ooh.
That's good.
[phone ringing]
Hey. Beaty. What's up?
What?
Where is she?
- You sure this is the place?
- Yes.
Any chance I can convince
you to stay out here?
All right. then.
Deva!
- What the fuck?
- Carrie: We're going home now.
What the hell are you guys doing here?
- I'm not gonna tell you again.
- She's not going anywhere.
- Okay. you need to shut your mouth.
- I don't believe this.
You guys can't just
decide when to give a shit.
- Deva!
- No. I'm staying.
- You heard her. she's not going anywhere. man.
- Get out of my way.
You're on my property. old man.
And you need to fuck off now.
Okay.
Let's just all take a deep
breath and think about this.
- Crowd: Oh!
- You shouldn't have done that.
[crowd cheering]
[electricity crackles]
Ah!
[shouts]
[murmuring]
[electricity crackling]
[groaning]
- Gordon!
- Deva: Charlie. no! Please!
- Please. don't.
- Deva. shut the fuck up!
You man enough to
pull that trigger. son?
I'll kill you.
Deva: Dad.
Then stop talking and do it.
I swear. I'll shoot you. motherfucker.
Pull it.
Put the gun down.
[crowd gasps]
Carrie: Deva. come here!
Holy fuck. That's the mayor.
[music playing]
[chatter]
You okay?
I don't eat out much.
To be honest. it's been
a while for me. too.
Forgotten what medieval
torture high heels can be.
You look beautiful. Emily.
It's also been some time
since I've heard that.
Thank you.
Well. here we are... getting
outside of our comfort zones.
[clinks]
[laughs]
You have a nice smile.
I bet not many people get to see that.
No. No. I guess not.
Yeah. I know what it's
like to put up walls.
Your niece. Rebecca...
how long has she been living with you?
Not long.
She was in trouble.
She needed guidance.
And the time is coming
for her to be on her own.
It's probably for the best.
So do you think that's what other
family interventions are like?
I hope so.
I mean. why should we be the
only ones having all the fun?
You want a small pour or big?
Neither.
We did good out there.
Yeah. we did.
[moaning]
Where were you?
I went for a little ride.
Hope you don't mind.
It would be unwise to test me.
[chuckles]
I wouldn't dream of it.
You're out of gas.
[sighs]
Both: So...
[laughing]
- See you around?
- Yeah.
Okay.
- Good night. Gordon.
- Good night.
You can take my husband's truck.
I haven't driven it since he passed.
You can't hide from the dead.
Isn't that what you're doing?
Man: Lisa. you in there?
- [gasps] You lied to me.
- No. he is just a neighbor who...
he just comes to check
on me now and then.
Get rid of him.
[gasping]
- There you are. sunshine.
- Hey.
Margaret's fixing dinner.
She's got the table set for three.
Thanks. Vince. No. thanks.
Come on. she's making her
world-famous chicken and biscuits.
I said no.
- Is everything all right?
- No. I'm fine. I just...
I just needed a little
time alone. that's all.
[chuckles] Sorry.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Lisa: No. no. no!
[groans]
[gurgling]
Oh. my...
[crying]
[cracks]
[music]
Let's go to work.
Lucas: Sugar.
Wake up.
Job: Run through it again.
We've already done it six times.
And we are going to
do it a seventh time.
If you can count that high.
[sighs]
Hood.
You.
Carrie.
Satisfied?
No. show me the security cam from Genoa.
Real time.
Now show me the loop.
Okay. anything else?
- Yeah.
- What?
I'm going to be leaving these cover cams
- at our entry and exit routes.
- Like I don't have enough to watch.
I ain't taking no chances.
If you see anybody or anything
that don't belong there.
you open that big-ass mouth
of yours and make some noise.
Yeah.
Lucas: Three. two. one.
[straining]
Okay.
- Everybody ready?
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
Sugar: Time for some peace and quiet.
Job: Explosives up.
[whirring]
Sugar: All right.
It's all yours. Sugar.
Bringing it up.
[whirring]
[metal groaning]
Job: It ain't gonna fucking give.
Job: God damn!
[breathing heavily]
Job: Motherfuck!
Okay. all quiet on the Western front.
That was the easy part. We're in.
Carrie: Okay. I'm on my way down.
Lucas: On me.
Let's do it.
Carrie: Okay.
[exhales]
[choking]
All right. All right. Looking good.
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Stowe.
[beeps]
[beeps. lock clicks]
[music]
Clear.
You got three minutes to set up.
- Don't keep me waiting.
- I got it.
Okay. the hallway to the
computer room is wide open.
Keep moving.
Once I initiate the algorithm.
you're gonna have 12 minutes.
Ready when you are.
Job: Get ready.
Three. two. one. move.
[whirring]
Siobhan's voice: Please.
[sobbing]
Please. don't.
Please.
[Lucas breathing heavily]
What the...?
Siobhan's voice: Please.
[cracks]
[music]
[shouting]
Shit! Job needs help in
the computer room now.
Sugar: Anybody hearing me?
Anybody hear me?
I can't. I'm running out of time.
What the fuck is he doing?
[walkie-talkie hisses]
[grunting]
[screams]
Where the fuck were you?!
Man on radio: Echo-one-nine.
what's your 20?
Job: Aw. fuck.
You got two minutes.
Wake your ass up. old man.
We flying to you.
[laughs]
Oh. shit. Now. that can't be good.
All right. listen up. people.
The big boss man
has just arrived on base.
Colonel Douglas Stowe.
[beeps]
[music]
Fitzpatrick. my ID isn't working.
I can't get into my office.
I have you swiped into the armory.
Send a team to the armory now.
- How many?
- All of them.
Sugar: Come on. baby.
Keep it moving. people.
It's about to get real
crowded down there.
Job: Baby. we got to move!
Shit.
I don't fucking believe it.
Someone reset the codes.
Open the fucking door!
[beeps]
Got it.
Go!
- Shit.
- Got it.
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Stowe.
[beeps]
Oh. shit.
Try again.
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Stowe.
- [beeps] What's wrong?
- How the fuck should I know?
[Stowe's voice] Colonel Douglas Stowe.
- Lucas: Job. move!
- Find them.
Carrie: No. no. don't. don't.
They're gonna hear us!
- Job: Fuck!
- Lucas: Move!
Come on. come on. come on.
Let's go. go. go!
[gunfire]
Go. go. go. go!
Come on. come on. come on.
Job: Go!
Fuck!
[gunfire continues]
Come on. baby. Come on. now.
What did you do here?
You sly little cunt.
[gunfire]
Take the bags!
Job: Go!
Carrie: Job!
- Carrie: Sugar!
- Got it. Ah!
All right. come on. bring it.
Got it.
Come on. baby.
Lucas: Blow it now!
There's something wrong.
Something's wrong. Something's wrong.
Check the detonator.
[Lucas grunting]
- Lucas: Blow it!
- Just do it.
- Do it!
[Job coughing]
[Sugar groans] Damn.
- All right.
- Where is he?
Job: If he was down there when it blew.
- he didn't have time to clear the blast.
- Sugar: We got to move.
[Lucas coughing]
Wait!
Oh. my God.
[grunts] Shit!
Come on. baby. we going!
[gunshots]
[all panting]
Everybody still breathing back there?
Carrie: Yeah.
[slurps]
[sighs]
[rings]
- Emily: Hello. Brock.
- Oh. Emily.
I didn't think you'd pick up.
Neighbors told me the
police were at the house.
Well. yeah. I hadn't heard
from you. I was worried.
God. Emily. please. Anybody but him.
- Brock.
- No.
Look. this isn't about
you and me anymore.
- This is about your safety.
- I'm fine.
Yeah. maybe now. But. I mean.
you know. you're tempting fate.
Listen to me. You have got to get as
far away from that man as possible.
You don't understand.
We have a connection.
Connection?
No. no. You know what it is?
You think you can fix him
the same way you tried to fix me.
- Good-bye. Brock.
- Hello? Em?
Hello? Emily?
God!
Where's Hood?
[Sugar chuckles]
[chuckles] You guys do know
this is a celebration. right?
I got to get home.
You did great. Sugar.
I know.
Look. I don't know what's
going on between you two.
- but whatever it is...
- I got distracted.
You put us all at motherfucking risk.
- You left me hanging...
- Job!
Don't.
[music]
It...
L'chaim.
Keep it.
I convinced my CI it was
time to grow a conscience.
Where's Chayton?
Aimee: Headed to Louisiana.
There's a group of tribal outcasts
based in New Orleans.
They call themselves the 18th Ward.
Aimee: You're going down there?
- Yes.
- What are you gonna do when you find him?
What you couldn't.
- Look. I know this is hard for you.
- No. the boy I knew is dead.
That day in the woods.
I looked into his eyes
and he would have killed me
without a second thought.
Whoever he once was.
he's a stone-cold killer now
and he needs to be put down.
I just can't be there
to watch it happen.
Take care of yourself. Sheriff.
- Hey. Brock.
- Hmm?
- Cover for me.
- Sorry. can't do it.
What?
Because I'm going
with you to New Orleans.
[sighs]
I'll drive.
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
[music playing]
♪ Ponies down in Shreveport ♪
♪ And jockeys born to ride them ♪
♪ In the park ♪
♪ Ponies down in Shreveport ♪
♪ Jockeys born to ride them ♪
♪ In the park ♪
♪ Girls in Bossier City ♪
♪ Will drive you to the graveyard ♪
♪ For a lark ♪
♪ They ride you like a
diamond-studded pony ♪
♪ And leave you like a black dog ♪
♪ Leave you like a black dog ♪
♪ In the dark. ♪
[humming]
- It's not my fault.
- It's your fucking fault.
It's not my fault.
Precautions were taken.
- Blame them.
- It's your fucking fault.
This isn't possible.
I did not...
[screams]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-